---
layout: post
title:  "Industry is Key"
date:   2023-01-06 9:47:03 +0100
categories: ["recruitment", "recruiting", "sourcing", "X-Ray Searches", "London"]
---

<p>Sourcing candidates for a job not only based on their skills but also their industry experience is important for several reasons:</p>

- <strong>Industry knowledge:</strong> Candidates with industry experience have a deep understanding of the specific challenges and opportunities facing a certain industry.

- <strong>Networking:</strong> Industry veterans may have established relationships and networks within the industry that can be beneficial for a company. They may know other professionals who could be potential clients or partners.

- <strong>Domain expertise:</strong> Industry experience can provide a candidate with specialized knowledge and expertise that is relevant to the company's needs. This can be especially important for niche roles or industries where deep knowledge is critical.

- <strong>Cultural fit:</strong> Candidates who have worked in particular industries before may be more familiar with a company's culture and ways of working, making it easier for them to fit in and contribute to the team.

<hr>

<strong>Let's create an example:</strong> A React developer who is located in London and also has worked in the health tech or health care industry.

Remember  the way individuals present their proficiency in various technologies and languages may vary. We'll take care of this with an asterisk * and I'll explain what this does.

<hr>

**Here's what I came up with**

<ul>site:uk.linkedin.com/in ("software engineer"|"software developer") ("* react")  ("healthtech"|"health tech"|"health care") "london"</ul>


I ended up putting an asterisk before react and including a space. <strong>The asterisk acts as a wildcard search allowing it to look for unknown text.</strong>

For example Google might give you a few LinkedIn profiles using the asterisk search that highlight's a list of technologies on a profile.

- Software Developer | NodeJS, React, Ruby on Rails

or completes a sentence...

- ...web application using React

and then of course you have any profiles that highlight "healthtech", "health tech" or "health care".

I use the asterisk to source for unique skills, niche roles or for it to possibly provide additional context of a profile - a sentence or description. This can also be helpful when you're looking for candidates with a certain certification or certifications.

<br>

I hope this help and happy sourcing 🎉.

<br>

